mysql-schema.md: update system tables (#11913)
pingcap/docs: mysql-schema.md

- `tables_priv`: table-level privileges
- `columns_priv`: column-level privileges
- `password_history`: password change history
- `default_roles`: the default roles for a user
- `global_grants`: dynamic privileges
- `global_priv`: the authentication information based on certificates

> - `role_edges` : the relationship between roles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `role_edges`: the relationship between roles
```

- `stats_buckets`: the buckets of statistics
- `stats_histograms`: the histograms of statistics
- `stats_top_n`: the TopN of statistics
- `stats_meta`: the meta information of tables, such as the total number of rows and updated rows
- `stats_extended`: extended statistics, such as the order correlation between columns
- `stats_feedback`: the query feedback of statistics
- `stats_fm_sketch`: the FMSketch distribution of the histogram of the statistics column
- `analyze_options`: the default `analyze` options for each table
- `column_stats_usage`: the usage of column statistics
- `schema_index_usage`: the usage of indexes
- `analyze_jobs`: the ongoing statistics collection tasks and the history task records within the last 7 days

## Execution plan-related system tables

- `bind_info`: the binding information of execution plans
- `capture_plan_baselines_blacklist`: the blocklist for the automatic binding of the execution plan

## GC worker system tables

> - `gc_delete_range`: to record the data to be deleted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `gc_delete_range`: the KV range to be deleted
```
